docs: Move trtllm dynamo run doc from example to dynamo run guide (#578)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: docs/guides/dynamo_run.md

This allows quick iteration on the engine setup. Note how the `-n` `1` is included. Flags `--leader-addr` and `--model-config` will also be added if provided to `dynamo-run`.

#### TensorRT-LLM `pystr` engine

We have a python-based [TensorRT-LLM engine](/examples/tensorrt_llm/engines/agg_engine.py) as dynamo release. This can be used to load TRTLLM model and serve it in dynamo run.
We also have a [llm_api_config.yaml](/examples/tensorrt_llm/configs/llm_api_config.yaml) file defining the options that need to be passed to LLM engine. Follow the steps below to serve trtllm on dynamo run.

##### Step 1: Build the environment

See instructions [here](/examples/tensorrt_llm/README.md#build-docker) to build the dynamo container with TensorRT-LLM.

##### Step 2: Run the environment

See instructions [here](/examples/tensorrt_llm/README.md#run-container) to run the built environment.

##### Step 3: Execute `dynamo run` command

> Execute the following to load the TRTLLM model specified in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following to load the TensorRT-LLM model specified in the configuration.
```
